Previously on iZombie...
Look, what I found
in my hate mail.
"If you ever need
a sympathetic ear,
I've got two. Shawna."
She's cute.
This blue juice makes
zombie visions longer
and more intense.
And if all goes according
to plan, it's going to make
us a lot of money.
Harley and his people
are targeting zombies.
I landed us an invite to
the zombie truthers
meeting tomorrow night.
We're gonna capture a zombie.
Let the whole world see
the monster it becomes!
How long are you
gonna be in Seattle?
Just long enough to get
my money and settle
some old debts.
You're married to
someone for 30 years.
You scrimp, and you save.
And you build up a nest egg,
and then they die,
and the nest egg is
nowhere to be found.
Montenegro? Yeah, sure.
Last week he was spotted
in a regional production
of Pippin
for the Tacoma Players.
My husband is dead.
Worst case,
there should be
insurance money.
Well, you're our lawyer,
you figure it out!
He'd better be dead.
That's all I'm saying.
Shifty little weasel.
Don't answer it!
It's my roommate again.
Calling to remind
me to set the DVR.
No!
World's Deadliest Plants.
Nat Geo. Tomorrow.
Got you covered, bro.
Not why I'm calling.
Listen, my parents
got a wild hair,
decided to renew
their wedding vows.
My dad just called,
surprised me with
a plane ticket to London.
Oh, that's so freaking good.
Uh, okay.
So, I'll be back
in a few days.
- Can you get word to Liv?
- Totes magotes. Bye now!
Cheers, then.
Agenda's clear for a few days.
Nice work,
Doctor Shockterbooty.
Ah-ah!
We're gonna need that phone.
Is that really necessary?
- I'm here of my own volition.
- Volition?
His own free will.
He's here because we've
a bunch of sawed-off shotguns.
I'm here because I want to
study a zombie in the flesh.
I believe you, Doc.
But I'll still feel better
if I know you're focused on
what we're doing here,
instead of...
Playing Candy Crush.
I get it.
Keep my phone, then.
I should, uh...
Go check on him.
Look at us now.
We've got our exotic animal,
strongman and
sideshow all in one.
Move over Barnum & Bailey.
We're about to put on
the greatest show on earth.
Heart rate holding steady
at 10 beats per minute.
Copy.
Lookie here.
We got your wide shot
but also your
extreme close-up,
mess-yourself money shot.
And anyone around
the world doing a search
- for zombies will find us?
- That's right.
We're gonna starve
out our guest of honor
until he goes
all gnarly on us,
prove to the world
that zombies are for real.
He ain't doing
anything worth watching.
Let's rectify that.
A cattle prod to the nards
ought to liven him up,
get him all veiny and red-eyed
like he was in the van.
Too soon.
Nobody's watching yet.
I tell you what.
We hit 100,000 views,
we'll light him up
like a Christmas tree.
Hear that, Zombie?
Don't get too comfortable.
I'm coming for you!
Whoo-hoo!
Check out
this photo of Baracus
protecting his son
from sniper's bullets.
"Baracus shows
courage under fire."
He could end up
being the first
zombie mayor of Seattle.
That say anything
about leads on the shooter?
Nope.
Are you going
into the office today?
- Why?
- General interest.
You want to know if you can
have the place to yourself.
Your words.
You know,
you have your own room.
Is zombie sex
particularly loud?
What with
the groaning and growling?
All I'm asking is
if you're going
into the office.
How are things
on the Justin front?
I mean you're highly-critical.
You broke up with a guy once
because his O-face
made you laugh.
If you had seen it, ugh!
And on the Justin front,
I wouldn't know.
- We haven't...
- Ah!
I see why you want
the place to yourself.
Okay. Well, um...
What if I can
make you a better offer?
I don't want you
to be insulted
and don't think
I haven't considered it,
but I'm going
to stick with men.
Okay, here's the deal.
I'll clear out
any night you want
as long as you'll do me one
teensy-weensy favor today.
- I'm listening...
- James Weckler...
The dominatrix killer. Yeah.
His brain is
currently marinating
in Ravi's blue juice
down at the morgue.
It's ripe and ready to go.
- No, don't make me...
- Please.
His confession came too easy.
You even said it yourself.
His lawyer accepted
a terrible plea deal.
Hinted sinister
forces were at work.
Liv, I don't think
he killed Roxanne Greer.
Okay. You want
me to find evidence
that tears apart
the case Clive and I
made against Weckler.
- Yes.
- You want me to live
inside the brain of a guy
- who just hanged himself.
- Yes.
A guy who
if I remember correctly,
spent time
in a mental health facility.
Yes. Also true.
- For what?
- Hallucinations of
his dead wife.
You can see
how this might not be
my first choice
for how to spend a day off.
Well, not with that attitude.
Seeing justice done,
that's fun.
Spending quality time
with Peyton, that's fun.
You had me at justice.
Anything?
- Oh, my God!
- Nope. Not yet.
Patience, lady.
Man, I thought getting
scratched would be like...
Winning the golden ticket.
But this candy factory blows.
Huh? Hello? Ugh!
It's like corrupt government
officials in Bangladesh
don't even want to make money.
I thought we'd be
like the kids
taking the tour, man.
Look around you.
We're the Oompa Loompas.
- You're an Oompa Loompa.
- Yeah, man.
That's what I just said.
Hey, where the hell is Don E?
He wandered out
into an alley last night,
shouting something about
bombs being dropped
on a factory in Dusseldorf.
He ate some of the blue brain?
Lots. Like...
Lots.
Sergeant Hoyt Carroll!
Serial number 580
79086.
You'll get nothing from me,
you dirty Krauts.
You weren't laughing
after Big Week,
were you, Fritz?
Our Mustangs blasting
your Stukas outta the sky!
♪ Oh, say can you see...
What the hell, Doc?
Why is he acting like
he's on Hogan's Heroes?
I have no idea.
You think this thing's been
around since World War II?
Maybe zombies live forever.
Like vampires.
♪ Oh, say!
Does that star-spangled
♪ Banner yet wave
♪ O'er the land
of the free... ♪
Get out here.
I can't believe
I'm doing this.
If I had to eat the brains
of a guy who sees ghosts,
you can try to
trigger a vision for me
by pretending
to be a dominatrix.
Fresh out of whips. Improvise!
Weckler killed
Roxanne in her dungeon,
so, you know, discipline me.
- For what?
- Well...
I've been a naughty girl.
That is some
weak sauce, Counselor.
Looks like we found something
Peyton isn't good at.
Oh, hell no.
Take it back,
you filthy little piggy.
- Ow!
- Shut up.
Take it back,
you undead slut!
Take it back or clean
my shoe with your tongue.
- I'm not gonna...
- Do it or suffer!
- Okay!
- Make it shine!
Oh, you like that, don't you?
You nasty, little pervert!
Yes!
Whoa!
I'm afraid I've got
some bad news for you, Peyton.
Weckler killed Roxanne.
No!
Roxanne caught him
as he was stealing
the camera memory card.
She was calling for help
and he panicked
and strangled her.
You know,
most prosecutors would
be happy that the person
they put away
was actually guilty.
Yeah, but my desire
to be right is even greater
than my desire to win.
- Did you see his dead wife?
- Yeah.
Unpleasant lady.
So, Mistress P,
how much time
do I have left in my hour?
Oh, you like it, do you?
Me likey.
Oh, my God, what?
You think, uh, Peyton will
let you borrow that getup?
You're dead.
Who's dead?
Who are you talking to?
Drake.
Uh, Drake?
Old boyfriend, Drake?
No, Drake
the multi-platinum
hip hop star.
All right, now.
You wanna get
spanked some more?
Ooh, yes, please.
Weckler felt guilty about
accidentally killing his wife.
So, he hallucinated her...
You're so sexy
when you're onto something.
- But I don't feel
guilty about her death...
- Getting warmer...
I feel guilty
about your death.
Hotter, so hot.
Because I shot
you in the head.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!
I'm sorry.
You must be so freaked out.
Oh, watching my zombie
roommate talk to a ghost?
That's just
what I call a Tuesday.
- Hey.
- Here you go.
Nice. Thanks man.
Mmm!
- Mmm-mmm!
- Oh, my God.
This fort of ours
is giving me all the feels.
Mmm!
When I was a kid,
I went to this camp.
Once a summer,
they'd take us half a mile
into the woods,
and we'd rough it for a night.
We did that
at Camp Skookum, too.
Shut the front door!
Camp Skookum!
You went there too?
- For five years in a row.
- Good ol' Camp Skookum.
Did you know that Skookum is
Chinook for good and solid,
but also, a yeti-like
monster with a clawed foot?
Um, who didn't know that?
- Remember the camp song?
- Of course. Do you?
♪ Let's slather
on the sunblock
♪ And use the bug spray too
♪ Always have your EpiPen
if that pertains to you! ♪
Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
Oh, okay fine.
♪ Don't share your
brush with anyone
♪ There's lice,
for heaven's sake!
♪ And poison ivy in
the woods and leeches
in the lake! Hey! ♪
Something that adorable
had to be documented.
Post it and die.
Too late.
It's already on my Tumblr.
Oh, my God,
look at all these comments.
All your old football
teammates think you're
pretty cute, too.
Mmm-hmm. Hey!
Give me the phone
or suffer the consequences.
Do your worst.
Okay, but you're not
going to like it.
Let me go, you inbred turds!
He doesn't think
we're Nazis anymore.
It's progress.
Harley wants you
to dial back the sedative.
Our views have started spiking
since he's been awake.
Just give him enough
to keep him docile.
Got it.
Oh, come closer, please!
You've made
a serious mistake, son!
You've kidnapped
the wrong guy.
I promise this ends with me
feasting on someone's brains.
Don E, shh!
- Wait, I know you.
- Act like you don't.
- That fruity accent. Ravi?
- Shh!
I'm going to figure out a way
to get us both out of here.
These guys want
to prove to the world
that zombies exist.
You're on a livestream.
I'm hungry,
if you know what I mean.
That's kind of the point.
They're going to starve you
past the point of no return.
That doesn't sound
like fun at all.
Hey, they didn't find
the burner phone
that Blaine gave me.
That's great. Where is it?
You about
done in there, yet?
It's only saline. Act sleepy.
I'll be back.
I used to think
being ghosted
was a rude way
to end a relationship.
But I'd much prefer the
millennial way of doing things
to an old-timey
style haunting.
Because this whole,
ghosts-of-boyfriends
I-shot-in-the-head thing?
Really not working for me.
There's gotta be another brain
no one's doing
anything with around here.
I'll make it easy for you.
Cause of death,
single bullet to the brain.
You'd gone full Romero.
There was no
you left to kill.
You were already gone.
Whatever helps
you sleep at night, Liv.
Oh, no.
This is some
repressed guilt malarkey.
You're here
because you're sexy!
- You're a sex fantasy!
- Um...
Sorry to interrupt.
I had news to share.
I know this looks weird,
but there's
a simple explanation.
I ate
the blue juice-soaked brain
of James Weckler,
the guy we put away
for the murder
of Roxanne Greer,
the dominatrix.
Weckler used to have visions
of the wife
he killed in a car crash,
and now I'm seeing Drake,
my ex-boyfriend,
who I thought
might be a criminal,
but was
really an undercover
police detective.
He's here? Now?
He's right there.
Liv, you ready
to grab some lunch?
I'm dying for sushi.
- It's a vision.
- Yep.
- It's a long one.
- Hmm.
- Blue juice brain.
- Got it.
What the hell just happened?
In my vision,
I was getting hanged.
Getting hanged?
- Not hanging yourself?
- Yep.
So Weckler
didn't commit suicide.
He was murdered.
- Did you see who did it?
- She never does.
I was hanging there,
gasping for
air in my jail cell.
I could see the shadow
of the man behind me.
His hat, his walkie-talkie...
It was a guard.
Dun, dun, dun!
I told you,
I didn't see a thing.
You're the fifth guard
we've talked to
working the night Weckler died
who didn't see a thing.
- How is that possible?
- Beats me.
You got yourselves
a real puzzle.
Look,
I'm gonna be late for work.
Thanks for your help.
You can go.
Well, that was
a waste of time.
- Look who's joining us.
- Hey, team.
I may have found
something interesting.
It's a call
Weckler made from jail
to his daughter the day
before he was murdered.
Are they
keeping you fed, honey?
Yeah, Dad. I'm fine.
They made you do it,
didn't they?
Leave it alone, Tatum.
So who's the they?
That's what
I'm trying to figure out.
We need to find
that memory card
Weckler stole from
Roxanne's dungeon.
The one with all her clients
getting spanked and whatnot.
Let's track
Weckler's daughter down,
see if she
can shed some light.
I've tried calling,
but it just goes
straight to voicemail.
Give me the number,
I'll see what I can do.
Thanks.
Anybody interested
in grabbing dinner?
I can't. I have plans.
But you two
should go for a long dinner.
Maybe then go back
to Clive's place
and listen to
Dark Side of the Moon
over and over until
you really understand it.
And then you can explain
it to me at work tomorrow.
She's got a boy coming over.
Oh, I can explain
Dark Side of the Moon
for you right now, Liv.
See, the album
explores themes of
- greed and mental illness.
- I'm out of here.
After founding member,
Syd Barrett left the band...
Tell me over a steak.
You said the magic word.
- Oh!
- Oh, too much?
Bow-chicka-bow-wow.
No, it's not you.
It's my ex-boyfriend.
What do you think
this guy benches?
Wait, so you're kissing me
but thinking about your ex?
No! Of course not!
I'm hallucinating him.
Can he fix a sink?
Recite every Green Day lyric?
Make you make
that special sound?
Well, we're never
gonna know with you
hanging out here with us.
Okay, what's happening here?
I ate a brain of a guy
who had mental health issues,
and now my
deceased ex-boyfriend
is randomly showing up.
Okay, well, um...
Can you ask him
to give us some privacy?
- No.
- It's a no go.
Ah!
Okay.
So, what do we do now?
Anyone got a pottery wheel?
Can you
get that, Candy?
Candy?
- Oh!
- Surprise!
Did you want
some time to monologue?
Beg for your life?
Did you think you could
cut in on my business,
take out my boys,
and that would be that?
You dream of
something for so long,
you start to fear
that when you
finally get to experience it,
it might not live up to
expectations. But...
So far so good.
Don't you dare!
Bad timing, honey.
Don't take this personally.
- What the...
- You know what?
I'm real tired
of getting shot.
Oh, boo!
I thought you were food.
Nope, not food. I'm Liv.
- And you are?
- Shawna. Major's...
Let's just say friend.
- Maybe you're food.
- Huh?
I just came to pick up
his roommate's key.
- Oh, Ravi? He's out of town.
- Yeah, I know.
That's why,
I came to get his key.
Is it cool that you
come in like this?
I'm sorry, it's just,
I don't know who you are.
What's this?
- We dubbed it Fort Lust.
- Huh...
It's our special hideaway.
Oh, hey, Liv.
Hey,
I just came to pick up
Ravi's supply closet key.
Yeah, yeah.
I think it's right here.
Whoo!
It reeks of sex in here.
Well, I know some rats
that won't feed themselves.
You kids have fun.
Yes, I hear you.
I was fooling around
with Major's army buddy
just last night,
so I've got no room to talk,
but c'mon, Fort Lust?
I'm not allowed
to get upset about that?
What did you hear?
Just something
about Fort Lust.
I assumed you were
in here talking to Drake.
That's right. I am. Uh...
Drake is right there,
and Fort Lust is a place
that he used to take me.
It's a euphemism.
God, I hope so.
Well, that'll be all, Drake.
Be gone!
- We're alone now.
- Great.
I think we caught
a lucky break.
A prisoner is claiming
he can ID the guard
who killed Weckler.
- That's amazing!
- Yeah, but he wants a deal.
- What's he in for?
- Weapons charges,
B and E,
assaulting an officer.
How badly was
the officer hurt?
She came through it okay.
I want to be
perfectly clear about this.
Mr. Jin must
provide us with information
that leads to
the successful prosecution
of James Weckler's killer
in order for us
to commute his sentence.
This clown? Oh, hell no.
This is her case?
Take me back to jail then.
I'd rather do the time
than help her make a collar.
Whoa, there. This is my case.
Ms. Moore is
a medical examiner.
They're all my cases.
Not helping, Liv.
You don't get it.
This chick is a mutant.
- A mutant?
- That's what I said.
We tussled,
her eyes went red
and her face got all...
- Mutant-ish.
- Mutant-ish?
Lady, will you stop repeating
my words like I'm crazy.
I kicked his ass,
that's all that happened.
If he wants to
give me super powers
to make himself feel better,
then I say let him.
I'm interested in hearing more
about these mutant powers.
- Did she know martial arts?
- Damn right, she did.
She was skilled.
As skilled as
a ninja, perhaps?
- Totally.
- She's a mutant ninja.
Did she have a round shell,
hankering for pizza?
- Ninja, please.
- Mr. Jin.
Let's try to keep
your testimony credible.
Please tell them
what they need to know.
- The testimony?
- Right.
I got this telescoping mirror
so I can talk to the guys
in the cells next to me.
The night he died,
I heard a noise
coming from Weckler's cell,
and in that mirror,
I saw this fat-ass guard...
Gary Oberman.
He was hanging
Weckler with a belt.
Haven't seen the dude
on duty since that night.
We never talked
to a guard named Oberman.
We should track him down
and make a house call.
Looks like
we're party crashers.
You two.
We're looking
for Gary Oberman.
Well,
we'll see what we can do.
C'mon in.
Dear God,
I think this is a wake.
Excuse me.
Do I know you?
These two cops
were looking for Gary.
Mrs. Oberman,
I'm Clive and this is Liv.
Do you mind?
Could we ask
you a few questions?
We're looking into
an incident at the county jail
that may have
involved your husband.
May we ask how he died?
I don't know.
Well, not for sure.
Excuse me?
A couple of weeks ago,
Gary surprised me
with a cruise to
the Mexican Riviera.
He fell overboard.
You know how common that is?
They're usually
murders or suicides.
Did anyone see it happen?
No, but Gary'd had
more than a few margaritas,
and another passenger reported
seeing him up
on the bow shouting,
"I'm the king of the world."
What does this case
have to do with Gary?
We're investigating
the murder of a prisoner
that took place on Gary's
last night on the job.
A prisoner? Why bother?
Gary used to say,
all those prisoners
were just human garbage.
Sorry, I gotta take it.
So, "human garbage," you say?
I appreciate you
getting back to me.
I'll let you
know what I learn.
All right, then. Bye.
That was
Tatum Weckler's grandmother.
She told me
after Weckler's death,
Tatum moved in with the family
of one of her friends
here in Seattle,
so she wouldn't
have to change schools.
Makes sense.
Poor kid's life's
been disrupted enough.
She gave me an address
since Tatum isn't
answering her cell.
Let's run by there now.
This case just
keeps getting weirder.
First Weckler kills Roxanne,
then Gary kills Weckler.
Then Gary comes into
a large sum of money,
goes on a cruise
and disappears into thin air.
Seems like someone is
trying to clean up a mess,
by making an even bigger one.
Nearly 65,000 viewers!
This is about to get fun.
I'm already having a blast.
You wanna know
where zombies come from?
Oh, I do.
The Shah of Iran.
- Would not have been
my first guess.
- Hear me out.
He was building a zombie army
to protect himself
from his own people.
But before he could unleash
his army of the undead,
the Ayatollah seized power
and got his hands
on the zombie virus.
Of course, the first thing
the Ayatollah wants to do
is take out the great Satan.
So the hardliners in Tehran
bankroll Vaughn Du Clark...
And Max Rager.
Why?
So they could infect
the movers and shakers first.
These athletic zombies
would have no problem
chasing down couch potatoes.
It all seems
obvious when you
say it out loud like that.
Mmm, time to take
the edge off this old boy.
Yep.
See that vein in his neck?
It becomes more distinct
when he leans forward.
Where's that phone
Blaine gave you?
- I'm so hungry, Ravi.
- The phone!
It's taped
between my butt cheeks.
- Come again?
- They didn't find it,
did they?
- Oh!
- Pardon the swamp ass.
I didn't get
a chance to powder.
Oh!
Seriously?
I am your only chance
of escape at the moment.
So I'd strongly
reconsider trying to eat me.
I'm sorry.
Now that I think about it,
my phone's in my sock.
Be home, Liv.
Okay.
Two-one-three-five...
Or maybe it's three-seven.
Eight-six-seven-five...
Oh, bloody hell!
You can't remember
any numbers, huh?
That's modern living for you.
I've got Blaine's number
programed in there.
They've stopped
shooting out there.
They'll be back soon.
- Blaine here.
- It's Ravi.
- It's an emergency...
- Psych.
I'm too busy to get
to my phone right now.
Leave a message.
Oh, for God's sake.
Did you have
a nice nap, Stacey?
Look at you
all snug as a bug in a rug
in our
Blissful Hereafter Model
in mahogany!
- We can save you a few bucks
if you'd prefer birch.
- I shot you.
I slit your throat.
We buried you.
Mmm-hmm.
And, yet, here I am.
How the hell
are you still alive?
Well, I'm eating
a human brain.
So, that makes me a...
- Cannibal?
- Technically, I suppose,
but that's not the answer
I'm looking for.
I'm eating a human brain,
I'm indestructible,
therefore, I am a...
- A serial killer?
- Again, technically.
You know what, hell with it.
I'm here. I'm a zombie.
Get used to it.
Fine. You're a zombie.
I'm Santa Claus,
and if you let me out of here,
I'm prepared
to give you presents
beyond your wildest dreams.
Bad news, Stace.
My little elves
already found your sleigh,
and all the gifts inside.
- Oh, damn, that's pretty.
- Sorry.
Don E keeps calling.
- What?
- It's Ravi. Listen up.
Don E and I are
being held hostage
by zombie hunters
at Wham Bams Gun Range.
Whoa, whoa. Slow down.
That's a lot to process.
Process this!
They're starving Don E
until he turns Romero
and broadcasting it
on a livestream.
I'm kind of
in the middle
of something big.
Just get here.
Look I know your situation
may look dire here, Stacey,
but you have options.
Sure,
and one of those options
involves you
being buried alive
in this overpriced box...
But the other
leaves you alive,
and provides you with
what I'm proud to say is a...
Truly remarkable
business opportunity.
So, would you
like to hear more
about that once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity?
Listen to
your business plan, huh?
What was option one again?
- Look who I found!
- I caught the livestream.
Had to see it
with my own eyes.
Oh, man, is it rank in here.
Doc, you remember Rachel,
from the meeting?
Hey.
Holy hell!
A zombie.
How many beers
did this one have?
He was sucking them down.
Eighty-one thousand views.
They're coming in fast now.
It's almost show time!
Do you know
what you're looking at?
- A brain.
- Wrong.
$25,000.
This can sustain
a zombie for a month.
Forget Truffles.
Forget Utopium.
Brains are the future.
This is your chance
to get in on the ground floor
of something truly special.
You see...
Zombies are
about to become a thing.
What exactly makes
one a zombie?
Is it an attitude? A style?
One need only contract
the zombie virus.
And you know
what a virus does?
It spreads.
Let me show you
some projections.
You know what?
I think I'm gonna pass on
this golden opportunity.
Now if you could do me
the common courtesy of dying,
I'll take my leave.
I don't think you see
the potential here, Stacey.
Here's what I propose.
You excel at moving
contraband around the globe.
I need brains from abroad.
You'll be my international
business partner.
In a year, you'll earn back
all the goodies
in that briefcase.
But, by then,
we'll have raked
in so much profit
that it'll just be walking
around money, you know.
When do I start?
Hello. We're with
the Seattle Police Department.
We're looking
for Tatum Weckler.
Is she around?
Tatum! Cops! Here to see you!
- What's going on?
- Hi, Tatum.
I'm Liv Moore,
this is Detective Babineaux.
We'd like to ask you a few
questions about your dad.
I don't like
talking about him.
You heard her. Sayonara.
He didn't kill himself,
you know.
Why do you think that?
Can we get
a little privacy, please?
You talked to
your father on the phone
on the day
before he was killed.
You asked him if they made
him kill Roxanne Greer.
Who's they?
Tell me how you know
my dad was murdered.
We have a witness.
Who's they, Tatum?
I was talking
about the voices in his head.
He had hallucinations.
- Who was it?
- A prison guard.
You should go.
If you think of anything
else you want to tell us,
please call.
Maybe we can meet somewhere
you're more comfortable?
Yeah, okay.
So, zombies work
for the police now.
A bit much for Netflix
and chill, don't you think?
We need to chat.
I owe you an apology.
For blowing my brains out?
Hey, relationships are tough.
You gotta do whatcha gotta do.
- You were a Romero.
- No, I get it.
Who'd wanna be seen
with an uggo like me, right?
You know that's not it.
I was so haunted
by the way that you died
that I tried to push you out
of my mind completely.
I've been diving into
all these different brains,
at least in part,
so that I don't have to
live inside my own head.
Face the grief of losing you.
All right.
I'm feeling a little better.
Which means so am I.
This is goodbye.
Let's make it good.
Liv...
Look who
I ran into in the lobby.
I'll, uh, let you two...
That was just...
Your ghost ex?
Should I be jealous?
Definitely not.
Hey, is, uh, Peyton around?
Kidding. Nice PJs.
You wanna go kick some ass?
Once they turn into one
of those monsters that
Harley showed us,
is there any way
to change them back?
Wakey. Wakey. You damn drunk.
It's Bo John's time, Brother.
Get your wicked stick.
Let's give the
people what they want.
Let's light up a zombie
and watch him go
cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs.
Show America
they got a zombie problem!
- Oh, yeah, baby!
- Yessiree!
They're going
to torture him now?
It's a gun range.
These guys are gonna be
armed to the teeth.
We need to have a plan.
What if we...
You think you're
smoking in my car?
Atta girl!
Ninety-nine thousand
nine hundred and ninety-eight!
nine hundred and ninety-nine!
One hundred thousand!
It's a beautiful thing!
You two, get over here.
You're a part of the team now.
You guys sure about this?
- You might kill him.
- Am I sure?
Hell, yes, I'm sure.
That thing you're
looking at is already dead.
He's just
a brain-eating corpse
like the ones
who ate my brother.
Grab your shotguns, boys!
Cover Bo!
If that thing gets loose...
Blow its head off.
They feel pain.
He winces
when I give him injections.
- You could
go too far, fry him.
- Oh...
Bo knows cattle prods.
Let's do this thing!
Please.
Don't do this!
I need more time to study him!
Saving the human race,
that was the mission, right?
That's what we're doing, Doc.
We're showing
the world what
they have to be afraid of.
You boys get the night off
from boning your cousins?
You're gonna
get shot or shocked
standing there, Doc.
On the count of five...
This thing is on,
and you standing there
don't mean a damn thing to us.
He is a person.
Zombie, yes.
But a person.
Five.
- Four.
- No! Please, Ravi!
- I'm gonna light you up!
- Move it, Shockterbooty!
Three.
- Now!
- Please move!
- Do it!
- Don't do this!
- Two.
- Listen! No!